---------
title: "I"
---------

I was reading my [post](2018-07-18-afraid-of-being-a-nobody.html) from exactly
one year ago and I found it quite funny how frustrated I seemed to be regarding
not having everything I wanted.  Seems rather silly now.

Anyway, today's thought is the following "I am too self-conscious about myself
to be able to dedicate my life to something".  I know it's completely crazy but
here's what I'm currently thinking: I think about myself too much.  It's always
"me" and "I".  I can't dedicate myself to something because I would think "oh,
but what if *I* did that other thing".  I'm don't know if I'm a narc but I think
I am selfish and probably do think about myself a lot.  One year ago I would've
been sad because I would say "oh!  I'm such a selfish person".  Now I'm OK with
it.  I'm selfish, I try to manage it and I'm really sorry for all the people
I've hurt because of my selfishness and self-centeredness.  Sorry for being an
ass.  Let me know if there's something I can do to make things right, let me
know that I've hurt you and I can't promise that I'll be more careful next time,
but I hope I'll want to be better.

Now here's the problem with selfishness: it's a complete curse.  By constantly
thinking about the self you end up not knowing what to do; you always think: am
I in the right place?  am I doing the right things?  Could I be doing something
else with *my* life?  It's annoying because you realise these are not helpful
and aren't healthy but you keep having these thoughts anyway.

So what did I do?  I decided to write this post, who knows when it will be
published, if ever.  Btw, I had a beer earlier and it's late but I'm not feeling
sleepy, so the main reason I'm writing is because I have nothing else better to
do.  But I've ~~read~~ listened to Mark Manson's book and he sounds like a
    complete dick who also thinks of himself way to much but I respect what he
    says and at one point he talks about writing thousands of words on his
    website now knowing if they'll ever be read.  So here I am.

Do you like Bojack Horseman?  I really enjoy the series, I identify too much
with Bojack like how he's a complete jerk but at the same time he doesn't want
to be and that hurts him.  I wonder if we need more Bojacks?  Maybe people don't
identify with him because they grew up in healthy families with boundaries and
communication.  But maybe others identify with him specifically because they
understand him, damaged and alone and wanting to be better but not having the
tools to do that.  That's kind of how I feel sometimes (as mentioned at the
beginning).  I don't want to hurt others and I try to be conscious about my
actions, but every so often I think and realise: yeah, that wasn't very nice, I
sure hope I didn't offend that other person.
