---------
title: "Koan: Ego"
---------

I.\
I am the Human Centipede.\
I am the cruelty captured on video. \
I am the shooter live streaming\
I remain in your mind.\
My suffering becomes your suffering.\
For I am incomplete,\
and I am vengeful and I care about nothing and no one\
I am you.\
I am your individuality.\
I am your uniqueness.

I need more.\
I am the centre of the Universe,\
the point that points out suffering & injustice\
I make things right.\
Only me, only I think.\
All others are fools!  They don't think, they are stupid.\
You are stupid.\
You are lucky for having me.\
Without me you would be nobody.  I train you, I make you strong.\
A lone wolf to conquer the world.\
Only I know what's good for you.\
Listen to me and I'll make you get what you are lacking.\
I am the insult, the hurt, the pain, the scar in your mind that won't heal.\
I am the moment of fear, of hesitation.\
I am all that you should know.\
know my pain so that I am not alone.\
Inflict pain so that you won't be alone.

More, more, more\
Only limited time here\
You'll rest when you die.\
Work, work, work\
So you can be happy.

I am nothing, a speck of dust believing it should be the ruler of the world.\
When I'll have more I'll be complete.\
Everybody is my enemy as they are all selfish\
They will take from me.\
I must protect myself.

For I am the most important thing in existence.\
Less than a speck of dust,\
I scheme, shout & scream to those that believe.

... ... ...

I use force\
I rape\
For my will must be done.\
I am the ruler\
I will get my way\
Everything is an enemy\
I thrust\
For I don't care.

Please, I beg you, stop believing what I say.\
I'm tired,\
put me out of my misery. 😵
